Yes Hello the other day my sister my manager Barry Daneee
I mean hey Heta ripple went to Don plant souvenirs and went to Germany in the not
I bought this for the first time here
Who first say in the 2-chan What a Germany-ish Iran strike
For the silver spoon Kana Well chocolate Nde are using spoon of Dash's plastic
Is it antithesis?
Let's make an antithesis just like it was n't good
Thank you and
I also had a point I do not know well one more item
a
What a glass led reading lights
The person who wrote in a word with that person and the 5 Higashifu and entrust and fill in
I Well Well let's mouth open
You notice I + beg Tsu putter Nde led a leading first beam is from here
Even out in the dark
Tteyuu as can live
I wonder if everyone is such
Do you think why did you chose this one
Hey I today tired out I'd amount heard that was what this choice I do not go up
And went came drunk para
It is an installed feature I do not remember the rain but yesterday with me
In the room of the president and my manager two party two people and 4 people
Of N'it received at that time
The
Oh I can not remember Hama
I'm not getting anma
Hey
And
Battery of amazing, comes out every time a cr 2032 bar every time also another Hey years ago
You know from the video of the house from cr 2032- lithium button battery but why here
I have Japanese madness
I'm making it in Japan, so I went to buying at Akizuki Den
It is being dumped softly, this is
Body
Thought
Achaiar
ame
Ah ah ah
Char's Japanese language is according to
It is a small fish It is a small fish
Not
N Well safety Fanny will move from the I guess this is the marginal grid Shupengu Irish
The
Hohou I Ne I see First Patteri Lou
Housewife idee Maho
Here too
Here atypical okay Some However I from Hida
Ah
There was
Speed
It is such a feeling here
Drafter
B 4 e Tsutsu from here
Come in
If you follow the drawing , this is it
Because mothers are not only two that only Epic uses
Tail is charging spare charging chan space Ntte a
add to
About a
In a
The smaller frame is the town sasso
This
Suka
Coker
Whether it made in the teeth
Maru
U
Akira Kanda
I wanted to see the rising summer Geass
Rick Sumino This is this
Haa
Hey head
eh
new c nobody who says suit
Now this is something like this
Let's turn off the or indirect lighting also off indirect lighting to say this
It seems that it is a valuable part part trademark deleted video
Farewell Hey hey wait a minute in a little divided see everyone
My
What to such Fu and comes with a strong soil here
Now the Emperor orchid stall Worth Atsushi me that you can no longer look at Joy Joy of a last verse
White and it is in conjunction with the head Youwakore
a I'm sorry but I
When delivering from 4 a
Said'll do Kodama and umbrella Tsui Cass Toka youtube live to be Toka while walking
Like the public
I It is here iphone shines
Yea yeah iphone under stringent watch the my phone No in also this without
Buddy eye file this
It didn't matter, so I got excited I didn't matter
Big
Great
This I've got yer-way missile
Put this on
Well, that's probably because you came to the office of the lopper technology probably
Well this massage ride Te do not be a little thought otherwise
It ska driver N Ikebaii This put the Bama little
It feels like you've got a big deal here
Etchotsukoko little bit armed
Private house
This E-mail Mr. anthropomorphized Germany's 0 German Re
I came
Chi
No, I was looking up at Germany unwillingly at why
Class led reading lights
Say
Grandmother
This kind of mother 10 was jet
It is doing
Hone砕 it is that I was not square this Eat
Well then I say thank you so funny Ne's also become the material of the video
Please use the station to the real I guess with us to choose I
Well doctor I want to say that I want to go to Germany
How yeah
Higashiyo quite surreal
In that sense it was a German souvenir and I will meet again